improve install instruction (#7)
zeronet-conservancy/zeronet-conservancy: README.md

### Install from source

 - clone this repo

>  - install python3 and pip if needed (following instruction are for apt-based distributives)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - install python3 and pip if needed (the following instructions are for apt-based distributions)
```

   - `sudo apt-get update`

>    - `sudo apt-get install python3-pip`

Reviewer: Note: you can also use just `apt` instead of `apt-get`.

Author: done , thx!
